# SFU Surge Logistics Meeting Minutes

Starting in March of 2023 we decided we will move our meeting notes to one rolling gdoc that will be updated at each call. This should avoid document sprawl and let folks have one consistent spot to look at/update our notes.

[2021 Best Practices WG Meeting Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1sJhaZxG_9Wb2Sg6a4KxqnIvo_to5OkhMkbBk_7UqtEc/edit#)

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - July 13, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P2N2ZLft5tjkCm9LSlMkaAaNd7hKynmiUZBm6Fy0Mdg/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* September 'Build a website' event
* Pizza fund application
* Stomhacks 2024 ~ SFSS Exec proposal for overnight

## Action Items

* Pizza fund application finished by july 20th ~ matt
* Exec proposal rough draft ~ david
* Github meeting minutes ~ matt

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

TBD

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - July 27, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1P2N2ZLft5tjkCm9LSlMkaAaNd7hKynmiUZBm6Fy0Mdg/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Sept 28, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FPw4mq_KQzn7T9-f9fx9NSRznz4B_4vzSYuVNqUt0o4/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Introductions!
* Road to Stormhacks event types
* Logistics Team Event

## Action Items

* Workshop form ~ Kaia
* Contact SAP (chansey) about site visit ~ Monishka 
* Contact EA (noble tan) about site visit ~ Matthew
* Shared MLH account ~ Matthew
* Create new lettucemeet ~ Matthew

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

TBD

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Oct 6, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1AxenAqPJ0TzsXoM4E-rH6AQuJWPlLPZ8wbtPap_4bUk/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Introductions!
* October Road to Stormhacks event
* Sponsor package
* Logistics Team Event

## Action Items

* SFSS Presentation - Maria Z + Daniel
* Plan Team social - Supreet
* Review sponsorship package and take note of any changes by EOD Wednesday
* LettuceMeet to plan Github Workshop date - Matthew

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

* Contact SAP (chansey) about site visit ~ Monishka
  * Need email from Triane
* Contact EA (noble tan) about site visit ~ Matthew
  * Need email from Danny/Chris

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Oct 12, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1nvaPB5dThhbfnmShiuwHkN9vecoM9PWC1eQZdD85diI/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Update: Team Social (Supreet)
* Update: SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* Update: SAP event (monishka)
* Github workshop (230pm @ friday, Oct 27)
* November workshop (230pm @ friday, Nov 10)
* Mini hackathon (November 18/19)
  * Funding
  * Presentations
  * Room booking
  * Marketing
  * Promotional Material

## Action Items

* contact jeffery about pitch workshop (matt)
* contact nathan about figma/ui+ux workshop (matt)
* Contact design about promotional material  (Kylie + Matt)
* contact design about material for Nov Hackathon workshop presentations (Kaia + Supreet + Matt)
* contact finance for funding nov workshop + hackathon (Supreet)
* create survey on slack for team social (supreet)
* SFSS presentation  (Maria Z + Daniel)
* Apply for nov workshop + hackathon MLH funding (Maria Y)
* Book room for Github workshop (Mukhiil)

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Oct 19, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EZf-e7WQUM5ufwSO5xjXUqEJT0y6nBqOLgEnVAn4pfU/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Update: Team Social (Supreet)
* Update: SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* Update: SAP event (monishka)
* Github workshop (230pm @ friday, Oct 27)
* November workshop (230pm @ friday, Nov 10)
* Mini hackathon (November 18/19)
  * Funding
  * Presentations
  * Room booking
  * Marketing
  * Promotional Material

## Action Items

* 

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Oct 26, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1fGNpvPkywjL_vc4TMDhePGzHyuV5Si0aDauxY2RpUB4/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Update: Team Social (Supreet)
* Update: SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* Update: SAP event (monishka)
* Github workshop (430pm @ Friday, nov 3)
* November workshop (230pm @ friday, Nov 10)
* Mini hackathon (November 17)
  * Funding
  * Presentations
  * Room booking
  * Marketing
  * Promotional Material

## Action Items

* Team Social (Supreet)
* SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* SAP event (monishka)
* Mini hackathon
  * Name ideas
  * Branding (kaia + supreet)
  * Presentataions (kaia + supreet)

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Nov 2, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1i0ZZb8AArRl9yR06b2NaNPwtAIP_np8jJXIyB3Cz8Ec/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Update: Team Social (Supreet)
* Update: SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* Update: SAP event (monishka)
* Github workshop (430pm @ Friday, nov 3)
* November workshop (230pm @ friday, Nov 10)
* Mini hackathon (November 17)
  * Funding
  * Presentations
  * Room booking
  * Marketing
  * Promotional Material

## Action Items

* Team Social (Supreet)
* SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* SAP event (monishka)
* Mini hackathon
  * Presentataions (kaia + supreet)

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Nov 9, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/13f_8PaANBtRPM9oARfWaq39POef33YFtkKJNLknDYjg/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Update: Team Social (Supreet)
* Update: SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* Update: SAP event (monishka)
* Github workshop (pushed back to December)
* JourneyHacks (pushed back to January)
  * Funding
  * Presentations
  * Room booking
  * Marketing
  * Promotional Material

## Action Items

* Team Social (Supreet)
* SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* SAP event (monishka)

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Nov 23, 2023</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/11KHCC2y9Y8eEKNcAk5yxEGncE4yh0bqYovfcvB8fGwk/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Update: SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* Update: SAP event (monishka)
* Github workshop (pushed back to December)
* JourneyHacks (pushed back to January)
* StormHacks
  * Event space
  * catering/food

## Action Items

* SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* SAP event (monishka)

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Jan 9, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1wJ5zKo9_IZ8DSn0sVahAo-1EIwbd3K0iMf-vUTI4Vhs/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Update: SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* Update: SAP event (monishka)
* JourneyHacks ~ Jan 19th, 2024 (11-5pm)
* 

## Action Items

* Volunteer form (execs + others)
* find figma workshop host
* ...

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Jan 16, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mj2pUhScHMxgKDs9izLFNkwyRYV9ImC9qAA01yWU_Os/edit#heading=h.w5hn3iqnpwxd>

## Overview

* Update: SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* JourneyHacks on Friday!
* Schedule, marketing, day of logistics

## Action Items

* check in w/ chris for prizes 
* create devpost + google form for project submission
* confirm room booking w/ mukhiil
* set up meeting + presentation w/ SFSS overnight event
* create discord
* email hackers + volunteers/mentors

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Jan 23, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NI6pHs3Z7HyALU1gXKiVSkR5dcouNHAVrqoe5HoVNOo/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Update: SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* JourneyHacks pushed back
* Schedule, marketing, day of logistics

## Action Items

* confirm room booking w/ mukhiil
* set up meeting + presentation w/ SFSS overnight event
* recreate forms
* email hackers + volunteers/mentors

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Jan 30, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1xycmwhSvaQb0EI6LLEkCxR5UTShnZTwJX1VPZRwsrm0/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Update: SFSS Presentation (Maria Z + Daniel)
* JourneyHacks this Friday! (again)
* Schedule, marketing, day of logistics

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Feb 13, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/13r-NQDZSLMoUQtCKL6ColKfDvrlkV_4d9UvXd8wP3qc/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Review of JourneyHacks
* Preplanning for StormHacks
  * Food, Venue, Day of schedule 

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>Meeting w/ Nancy (FAS event coordinator) - Feb 16, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1lw9M8BcLn-51sILsCxobJK8zhqc839jTnyTfoGvlHZ0/edit >

## Overview

* Room booking
* Security
* Overnight Event Planning

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Feb 27, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/191-o3MhOBZxuLn6I5A1FciggUycIAJT02rerwMdB64g/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Preplanning for StormHacks
  * Food, Venue, Waivers

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>Meeting w/ Simon (CEO of BCJobs) - Mar 4, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1KNSSk4PQYJ0_1oXfNuzWCOExos6fRwNs8rd7xghTe-s/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Stormhacks
  * BCJobs sponsorship
  * fireside chat
  * other sponsor outreach

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Mar 5, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/14_Tk4Pl3c0P5w8z3aTjmGXPBQhFN1RphmXB7bOOPUSI/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Stormhacks
  * Budget
  * Day of logistics (side events, fireside chat, etc)
  * Waivers
  * Food
* MLH application 

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>Meeting w/ Ryan (Founder of BCJobs) - Mar 12, 2024</summary>

## Overview

* Post panel engagement?
  * Panel can stick around afterwords and answer questions
* Vision for the panel? What will it look like/plans?
  * AMA, tech panel, bringing projects to life, hackathon project to startup
  * Utilize ballroom
* Timeline/planning when the panel will happen
  * 12pm-7pm
* Add identify as metis/indigenous on participant sign up forms → pass on info to Ryan
  * Works with indigenous tech mentorship circle, willing to provide extra resources and connect them with other people

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Mar 12, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/14_Tk4Pl3c0P5w8z3aTjmGXPBQhFN1RphmXB7bOOPUSI/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Stormhacks
  * Budget
  * Day of logistics (side events, fireside chat, etc)
  * Waivers
  * Food
* MLH application 

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>Meeting w/ Maria (MLH event coordinator) - Mar 18, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1mXYUUM3yY_vfDYw1Hnx9mrYv0yaq2w1a8wfHJdl1zFM/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* MLH application approved
* MLH associated deadlines
  *  Update SH website --> April 1st
  *  I demo'd sticker --> March 29th
  *  Hackathon Icons --> April 1st
  *  Venue Confirmation --> April 2nd
* MLH tabling + events
* follow up meetings w/ maria

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Mar 19, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/18iUv5RAnljypto0cSfrQNzcOO5pUOlXSPzK-dF_guOs/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Stormhacks
  * Day of logistics (side events, fireside chat, etc)
  * Waivers
  * Food

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Mar 26, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1-I0_eTLuPGyE3TLPaGYnAhba3Egea-m8ZgbxsEowucU/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Stormhacks
  * Day of logistics (side events, fireside chat, etc)
  * Food --> finalized!

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>

<details>
 <summary>General Meeting - Apr 2, 2024</summary>

## Live Meeting Notes

<https://docs.google.com/document/d/1EXS1ljGlrCEMSiAvQqw-B0Q83kgYx3dRjuaq6yHMIPA/edit?usp=sharing>

## Overview

* Stormhacks
  * Day of logistics (side events, fireside chat, etc)
  * VD forms
  * Website Content Writing
  * Judge/Mentor/Volunteer/Participant forms

## Action Items

## Quick status on in-flight to-do's

</details>
